well howdy there internet people let's
bow again it's like I woke up this
morning rub the magic lamp and Jack
Dorsey popped out and decided to give me
a wish twitter has decided to ban
political ads across its platform that's
cool that is cool
that is a private company unilaterally
deciding that money is not speech that's
what's happening there are some concerns
because Twitter does not have a perfect
record of implementing ideas like this
but it's a step in the right direction
now they're doing it in their own
self-interest and it's certainly a shot
across the bow of Facebook who has
decided to kind of exempt political ads
from fact-checking
Twitter's going the other way with it
banning political ads outright and the
idea behind it is that a good idea would
get reach on its own the supporters of
that idea would retweet it and like and
comment and help spread it this
eliminates the idea that you can pay the
company to repeat a talking point so
people believe it there's a whole bunch
of things that people believe that just
aren't true but they've heard it so
often that it becomes true to them it's
completely not factual
but it becomes truth because they've
heard it so much that comes through a
big budget that comes through an
advertising budget saying the same thing
over and over and over again
so it's a step in the right direction
ideas should stand and fall on their own
now does this mean that it's over on
Twitter that we're not gonna have money
influencing politics of course not
they're going to find a way around it
and I'll tell you who to watch who to
suddenly be leery of people like me
people with platforms of some sort
because it won't be long till
politicians or their supporters come to
them and say hey give me some money if
you talk about this in this way it will
happen I can tell you I will not take
money from a political candidate even
one I support however there are a whole
lot of people that create content and
content creation really doesn't pay that
well so a check from a political party
might be pretty enticing so what you
need to start looking for is the same
talking point coming from various
commentators especially if it seems out
of character for them and I imagine
we'll start seeing it pretty quickly
because this way they can still
advertise they're just paying other
people to say it form rather than giving
the money to Twitter so be leery of that
and there are gonna be arguments against
this it's stifling free speech it's this
it's that you can still make your tweet
your candidate can still make that tweet
they just can't pay to have it repeat it
over and over and over again and
brainwash people they can't use
repetition as a weapon that idea has to
carry on its own
so overall I think this is gonna be a
net win for us I think it is going to
help return a little bit of power to the
average person if they use it if they
exercise it that ability to decide what
ideas get out there and what doe doesn't
just based on your retweet you're like
what that also means is right now you
need to go follow on Twitter if you use
Twitter you need to go follow any
candidate you support any commentator
you support because if you don't the the
ideas they're not going to show up in
your news feed not necessarily nobody's
gonna be paying to put them there simply
because you kind of support them through
the algorithm and Twitter thinks you
might be interested so anyway overall
this is something we should support it's
probably something Facebook should mimic
because if across all social media
platforms ideas have to be carried based
on their worth those campaign
contributions don't mean as much social
media swings elections today so if those
campaign contributions can't buy the
platforms that swing elections not that
important as important as they once were
which could in theory return a little
bit more power to the people could make
those politicians a little bit more
responsive maybe
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night